hey look are all of the bristles on your
toothbrush
bent out of shape like me only kidding
well it's time to throw it in the trash
our mouths are full of harmful bacteria
so toothbrushes need to be replaced
every three to four months
if you want to have a safe and hygienic
morning
now when's the last time you replace
your pillows or cushions
if you don't remember it's time to put
them into the bin
every time we sleep on them we leave
behind tiny pieces of ourselves so they
don't stay clean for long
pillows should be replaced every year or
two
while we're in the bedroom if your
mattress is more than 10 years old
it's probably time to go shopping for a
new one over time
they can accumulate allergens like mold
mildew
dust mites and other things you wouldn't
want to sleep around
even if you clean your mattress well if
it's nearly 10 years old
it could be home to billions of bacteria
by now
now there's no reason to keep that menu
from the pizza place you didn't like
it's time to recycle those old items
look your favorite take
out up on the internet and you're sure
to find an easier way to order online
unless you're planning on moving anytime
soon there's no need for all those
cardboard boxes
just imagine how much space they're all
taking up donate them if they're in good
condition
or recycle them remember when you last
sewed on a button
if you're like most people then it's
never why do we always have a little bag
filled with extra buttons
if you don't have the matching clothing
anymore you shouldn't keep the buttons
pretty much everything has an expiration
date even though spices and canned soups
sitting right in the back of your
cupboards it's time to toss anything
that's expired
don't forget to wipe down your shelves
while they're clear too
old receipts pile up quickly unless it's
tax deductible
you don't need them anymore especially
if you can't even read them
as soon as it turns into a new year it's
safe to say
you won't be needing that outdated
calendar anytime soon
give it the old heave hole putting
furniture together can drive the calmest
person crazy
unless you're planning to take it apart
again though you'll never need the
manual again
throw it into the recycling and make
your house a bit tidier
that sunscreen is so last year old
sunscreen loses its ability to protect
from the sun's rays over time so
if you don't want to turn as red as a
lobster throw it out and buy a new one
this one might sting but it's time to
say goodbye to all those dvds
like vhs they're outdated if you can
stream it you don't need physical copies
anymore
keep your favorites and get a bit of
extra money for the rest
try to play any board game with missing
pieces and you'll realize that it's not
much fun anymore
replace them with new versions and enjoy
the games the way they were
intended to be played take out
restaurants
love to give more packets of catch
ketchup than necessary
and we're always holding on to them just
in case you should have a clean up and
throw them all away
you really don't want the unfortunate
surprise of finding one that's expired
or
worse leaked everywhere now just because
you put expired batteries back into
storage
doesn't mean they'll start working again
they may be amazing
but they're not magical old batteries
can also be dangerous
so make sure to dispose of them safely
like the black hole in the washing
machine
as where the old socks go there's
another one capturing the tupperware
container's lids
you're never going to find the lid ever
so
send it off for recycling if you've
gotten any old broken
phones lying around your house try to
sell them or recycle them at your local
electronics store
unless you're an engineer you probably
won't get them working again
so it's time to let go most unused
exercise equipment just ends up holding
laundry
if you're not using it you should sell
it it's taking up
way too much space in your house and is
probably quite valuable
think of all the extra cash just sitting
there
holding onto travel brochures from trips
you've already gone on
doesn't make any sense you'll never use
them again
and there are far better mementos just
enjoy the photos you have from that
vacation
and get prepared for the next one you
might have a bag of old
christmas cards somewhere in your house
if you do it's time to let them go
save any that are special to you and
toss the rest into recycling
get rid of all those old bills you don't
need to keep anymore
who needs to be reminded of how much
money they've spent
if you have a thousand fridge magnets
you might want to get rid of some
they're probably just making your fridge
look cluttered anyway
throw away any you don't even remember
getting and keep a few of your favorites
in a drawer
have a look at your stationary drawer if
you haven't used that hole punch or
pencil sharpener since you left school
it might be time to let them
go you probably don't use those tiny
screws
and plastic pieces from furniture you
don't even remember owning
in the trash they go magazines you've
already
read a million times and recipe books
you rarely use anymore
are great dust collectors keep the ones
you still look at
gather up the rest and get recycling
deep down you know you're never going to
use those
whiteout bottles they probably dried up
years ago
bye everything comes with a remote
control these days
if you own more than necessary throw
them away
we all have that special container
filled with used rubber
bands twisty ties and paper clips that
were never gonna find a use for
find the trash and throw them all inside
if you haven't worn a pair of shoes in
five years
you probably won't feel like wearing
them anytime soon
these are great to donate if they're
still usable of course
concert tickets name tags from
conferences and old entry passes don't
need to be kept once the event is over
holding on to old clothing that hasn't
fit in years
in hopes you'll wear it again is just a
waste of space
keep anything that is sentimental value
donate the rest to a local charity
and free up some room for some cool new
clubs
newspapers more than a few days old
should be recycled
unless there's an article you absolutely
need toss any old newspapers
all those craft supplies for projects
that you never
actually started can easily be donated
or given to a friend who is bored during
those winter months
everyone loves fresh squeezed orange
juice
but how often are you actually squeezing
those oranges yourself
it's time to get rid of all your old
novelty kitchen gadgets
if you're lucky a cleanup might remind
you of some of your old favorites
it's not your cooking skills that are
wrecking your steak dinner
it's the cheap pans that keep burning
your meal investing in a new set will
ensure that your food
is cooked to perfection take away
chopsticks
plastic cutlery and more napkins than
you care to count
if you haven't used them in a year they
need to go
items packed with takeouts are usually
very low quality
so it isn't a good idea to use them
years afterwards
we've all taken up baking at one point
but how many baking dishes can you
really fit in your oven at the same time
keep what you use and set the others
free
there are always empty bottles and jars
kept just in case
if you're not making a lot of pasta
sauce you don't need many
getting rid of them clears shelf space
for things you use more often
unless you think there's a good chance
you'll return those brand new purchases
you should only hold on to the boxes for
a couple of weeks
unless you're building a box castle of
course
dull knives can make eating that roast
chicken nearly impossible
especially when the knives were cheap to
begin with inexpensive knives aren't
easily sharpened
so it's time to replace them with a few
quality ones
towels need replacing often but don't
let them go to waste
old towels make great rags when you cut
them up they also make for a good dog
blanket for when you go to the beach and
don't want sand
all over your car if you can't identify
what's in the freezer with a glance
toss it you don't want to risk spreading
bacteria to your newer food
a natural loofah should be replaced
every three to four weeks
if you've got one of the plastic ones
those can last for two months
over time they accumulate bacteria and
skin cells from our adventures
as a general rule when they start to
look too fluffy
it's better to replace them after
painting the living room
it makes sense to keep the leftover
paint in the garage
except that it was years ago if it
hasn't dried out completely
it's probably expired that black hole in
the washing machine that keeps eating
your socks
isn't returning them anytime soon time
to just accept the loss
and say goodbye to the odd socks
cluttering your drawer
now that you have gotten rid of
unmatched socks you might as well get
rid of any pairs that have holes in them
the same goes for any clothing that
looks a bit worse for wear too
if you don't think you'll ever have the
patience to restore your rusty tools
it's a better idea just to replace them
make sure to store them correctly too
they'll last a lot longer think you're
going to find a use for all those
stretched out air ties
think again all they'll do is fill up
your drawers
dogs or cats are often spoiled for
choice of toys and treats
if you notice that the house is filled
with toys when it's time to do the
housekeeping
get rid of some your dog probably won't
miss that toy
that has been stuffed behind the sofa
for two years if they're not too worn
you can even donate them to a shelter do
you have lots of keys in the house you
don't remember the use for
me too then that's probably a sign to
get rid of some
make sure to try them all out first
though you might have the key to some
secret pirate treasure
maybe the first time you get a business
card it's cool to keep but if you can't
close your wallet or purse anymore
it's time to discard them sort through
to see if you have any important ones
and get rid of ones from people you've
never heard of
kitchen sponges can get dirty really
quickly the only solution is to replace
your sponge more often
especially when they're starting to get
a smell you don't want to add a dose to
e coli to your meal
every time you wipe a plate down all
shapes and sizes of hangers just seem to
appear in the closet
if you've got old or broken hangers just
taking up space
do your clothes a favor and buy some new
ones
they're really cheap to replace and new
ones will make your wardrobe a lot
better looking
got a lot of baggage at home it's
probably time to take a trip
or take a load off one large suitcase
for long trips and a smaller bag for day
trips are
all that's needed anymore and you're
taking way too many vacations
which is not a bad thing